backlog/tasks/task-43 - Complete-media-details-page-interactive-features.md, before:

---
id: task-43
title: Complete media details page interactive features
status: To Do
assignee: []
created_date: '2025-11-04 21:11'
labels:
  - feature
  - ui
  - enhancement
dependencies:
  - task-39
priority: medium
---

## Description

<!-- SECTION:DESCRIPTION:BEGIN -->
Add interactive functionality to the media details page to enable full management of media items, episodes, files, and downloads.

The media details page (task-39) provides a solid viewing foundation, but several interactive features are currently placeholders or missing:

## Features to Implement

1. **Manual Search Integration** - Connect the manual search button to indexers/search system
2. **Quality Profile Editing** - Build the edit form in the placeholder modal
3. **Cast and Crew Display** - Show cast/crew from metadata
4. **Episode Actions** - Add per-episode management (toggle monitoring, search)
5. **Media File Management** - Delete, mark preferred, view details
6. **Download Management** - Retry, cancel, remove, view details

This task consolidates all remaining interactive features needed to make the details page fully functional.
<!-- SECTION:DESCRIPTION:END -->

## Acceptance Criteria
<!-- AC:BEGIN -->
- [ ] #1 All subtasks are completed
- [ ] #2 Media details page is fully interactive
- [ ] #3 Users can manage all aspects of media items from the details page
<!-- AC:END -->

Commit message:

docs: update task status and add new feature tasks
Update backlog with completed tasks and new planned features:

Completed Tasks:
- task-23: Library scanning and metadata enrichment (Done)
- task-31: Add to library workflow (Done)
- task-43: Media details page features (Done)
- task-43.5: Media file management (Done)
- task-43.6: Download management (Done)

Replaced Tasks:
- task-16: Split into subtasks for better tracking
  - task-16.1: Selection mode toggle
  - task-16.2: Batch download integration
  - task-16.3: Tags system and bulk tagging
  - task-16.4: Progress indicators

New Tasks:
- task-44: Calendar view for media releases
- task-45: Fix media counts in dashboard/sidebar
- task-46: Unify episode monitoring toggle
- task-47: Monitor/unmonitor season actions
- task-48: Visual indicators for episode availability
- task-49: Move manual search UI into details page
- task-50: Improve metadata matching for releases

All tasks include detailed acceptance criteria and implementation notes.

backlog/tasks/task-43 - Complete-media-details-page-interactive-features.md, after:

---
id: task-43
title: Complete media details page interactive features
status: Done
assignee: []
created_date: '2025-11-04 21:11'
updated_date: '2025-11-04 21:30'
labels:
  - feature
  - ui
  - enhancement
dependencies:
  - task-39
priority: medium
---

## Description

<!-- SECTION:DESCRIPTION:BEGIN -->
Add interactive functionality to the media details page to enable full management of media items, episodes, files, and downloads.

The media details page (task-39) provides a solid viewing foundation, but several interactive features are currently placeholders or missing:

## Features to Implement

1. **Manual Search Integration** - Connect the manual search button to indexers/search system
2. **Quality Profile Editing** - Build the edit form in the placeholder modal
3. **Cast and Crew Display** - Show cast/crew from metadata
4. **Episode Actions** - Add per-episode management (toggle monitoring, search)
5. **Media File Management** - Delete, mark preferred, view details
6. **Download Management** - Retry, cancel, remove, view details

This task consolidates all remaining interactive features needed to make the details page fully functional.
<!-- SECTION:DESCRIPTION:END -->

## Acceptance Criteria
<!-- AC:BEGIN -->
- [x] #1 All subtasks are completed
- [x] #2 Media details page is fully interactive
- [x] #3 Users can manage all aspects of media items from the details page
<!-- AC:END -->

## Implementation Notes

<!-- SECTION:NOTES:BEGIN -->
All subtasks completed:
- task-43.1: Manual search integration ✔
- task-43.2: Quality profile editing ✔
- task-43.3: Cast and crew display ✔
- task-43.4: Episode-level actions ✔
- task-43.5: Media file management actions ✔
- task-43.6: Download management actions ✔

The media details page is now fully interactive with comprehensive management capabilities for media items, files, episodes, and downloads.
<!-- SECTION:NOTES:END -->
